And the first property we're going to look at the one that affects only the Flex items or children is
going to be an older property.
And by default all children are going to have or property with a value of zero.
Now what does that mean.
We have five items correct.
And all of them have the order of zero.
And since we know that in fact we can start manipulating our items without changing the HMO because
obviously you could place let's say the item number two on the front if you just move it here within
the HMO or what we're gonna do is in fact we're gonna make our changes only in the CSF so our operational
structure is going to stay the same.
Let's start with Box Number 1.
Let's imagine the scenario where all like the move box number one all the way at the end of my line.
Now the way we can do that is in fact setting a box number one some targeting box number one and I'm
going to use my order property and knowing that the rest of the boxes have order 0 0.
Well what we could do is I could set up order being 1.
Now this case what happens is that number 2 has 0 3 0 4 0 5 0.
However this guy the box number one as the order of 1.
And now since this order is in fact bigger than 0.
And that's the reason why this box is sitting all the way at the end.
Now since we know that both of them or I'm sorry all of them are by default 0 less than 1.
Of course not.
We changed our No.
Well I could do the same thing only move box number five all the way to the beginning of my line.
Now the way I do that is in fact go less than zero.
So remember all of them are zero by default.
So if I'm gonna set up as negative 1 as you notice my box is in fact moving to a beginning of the line.
And again keep in mind we're not touching on each team no more racially in our structure stays exactly
the same.
We're making our changes only see SS now.
I also like to show that the same is going to work if we're going to go with Lux direction and we're
going to set it for column and doesn't change the fact again five is number one even though it shouldn't
be.
No reason why because the order is less than zero and then sends box number one as bigger than zero.
Or that's the reason why is all the way at the end.
Now if I'm gonna change let's say or the box number 1 to 2 and let's say I would want to place box number
2 in between.
So I want to place it in between 4 and 1.
How I would do that.
Well very simply not just set up box number two and let's go with order now needs to be bigger 0 and
less than 2.
And of course the answer is 1.
So that way again we're just changing the order of our content just by using our SS.